doc: migration-guide: add notes on SSD1306 Kconfig changes (#62748)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/releases/migration-guide-3.5.rst

        };
    };

> * The options of the SSD1306 display driver have been able to configure per
>   device in dts.
>   So, The Kconfig options that are ``CONFIG_SSD1306_DEFAULT``,
>   ``CONFIG_SSD1306_SH1106_COMPATIBLE``, and ``CONFIG_SSD1306_REVERSE_MODE``
>   have been removed.
> 
>   You can remove ``CONFIG_SSD1306_DEFAULT`` without any other modification.
>   The ``CONFIG_SSD1306_SH1106_COMPATIBLE`` was used to assert that the device
>   is (compatible with) SH1106.
>   This is replaced by dts compatible declaration. For the sh1106 node,
>   change the ``compatible`` designation from :dtcompatible:`solomon,ssd1306fb` to
>   :dtcompatible:`sinowealth,sh1106`.
> 
>   The ``CONFIG_SSD1306_REVERSE_MODE`` also replaced by dts.
>   The ``inversion`` property in :dtcompatible:`solomon,ssd1306fb` is equivariant to
>   the removed ``CONFIG_SSD1306_REVERSE_MODE`` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The configuration options for the SSD1306 display driver can now be provided
  via the Devicetree binding :dtcompatible:`solomon,ssd1306fb`. The following
  Kconfig options: ``CONFIG_SSD1306_DEFAULT``,
  ``CONFIG_SSD1306_SH1106_COMPATIBLE``, and ``CONFIG_SSD1306_REVERSE_MODE`` have
  been removed.

  * You can remove ``CONFIG_SSD1306_DEFAULT`` without any other modification.

  * ``CONFIG_SSD1306_SH1106_COMPATIBLE`` was used to assert that the device is
    (compatible with) SH1106. This has been replaced by a dedicated dts
    compatible declaration. You may update an existing sh1106 node to change the
    ``compatible`` designation from :dtcompatible:`solomon,ssd1306fb` to
    :dtcompatible:`sinowealth,sh1106`.
  * ``CONFIG_SSD1306_REVERSE_MODE`` is now set using the ``inversion-on``
    property of the devicetree node.
```
